Senior LOS Software Programmer Analyst
Location: Santa Ana, CA

The Software Engineer will utilize experience to customize and solve problems in the DataTrac Loan Origination System. Develop and execute objectives for self and others, and effect short-term and some long-term business goals.

This position involves extensive customization, implementation, support and development of solution based on DataTrac. The successful software engineer must be able to build high quality solutions on a variety of Loan Origination platforms quickly, document these solutions, build test suites and deploy them.

Essential Responsibilities:

Analyze, Design, implement and deliver defect free software on time to meet the requirements
Modify and extend existing global design framework.
Work with Stake holders to review and create engineering functional specifications, Scrum user stories and provide product backlog estimates.
Analyze, Design and code independently on individual assignments, and help others in the team to deliver their assignments, in each Scrum sprint.
Provide support after product is delivered to field and always strive for continuous improvement.
Meet & follow development schedules
Produce design documents and functional specifications
Qualifications/Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent program.
At least 4 years of experience in Software development
At least 2 years of experience in C#, .NET, ASP.NET, MVC
At least 2 years of experience in customizing, implementing, supporting and developing solutions for Loan Origination Systems
At least 3 years of experience in developing/ working with in mortgage solutions.
At least 2 years of experience with Agile software development processes
Additional Eligibility Qualifications

At least 2 years of experience working in Loan Origination system
Desired Characteristics:

Hands on experience working in customizing, implementing, supporting and developing DataTrac is a big plus
Familiar with software source control, bug tracking and build process Successful use of code profiling, optimization, analysis tools
Automated testing
Automated builds
Experience on Customizing DataTrac
Experience with TFS based Source code control
Strong grasp of software design patterns
Ability to promote ideas and make sound technical decisions as a member of a team of technical experts
Ability to produce detailed and complete functional design and interface documents
Ability to directly interface with internal and possibly external customers is required
Ability and desire to deliver high-quality software quickly through iterative development
Ability to stay organized and focused while supporting multiple areas of shifting technical and conceptual complexity
Strong problem solving and leadership skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience working with global development team is highly desired